So in the last lecture we made sure that we can again add places and view them
but what if we want to click a place? Right now, we get an error because we're not handling this on item
selected event here.
Now let's handle it and let's make sure that we actually push a new screen onto our stack of screens which
shows us the details about this place,
conveniently we've already got a place detail screen, it's a modal though and we could still use a modal,
nothing wrong with that
but I want to show you something new.
So I'll actually edit PlaceDetail.js
and no longer use a modal here,
just going to remove the wrapping modal content and remove the modal import therefore
and hence we'll just have this normal view.
I can now also break up this workaround we used before where we would need this hack here to ensure
that our modal content isn't loaded too early,
so let's remove that and the if statement at the variable
and now we got some code which we can use as a screen.
Now if our goal is to use this as a screen though, we should also move it from components into screens,
so here I'll add place detail, as a screen though,
so it's still react component
but now in the screens folder. Now this component is just a functional component,
it's not a class and it doesn't have to be, we might turn it into a class later but for now, it's fine as it
is. I'll just rename this here from modal container to container
because we're no longer in the modal, I guess, so let's rename it down there in our stylesheet too and one
other thing I want to do is I'll get rid of this close button,
we won't close it like this, it will just be a regular screen.
So we still get props with selected place and so on,
the question is how do we get the selected place,
well we'll come back to this,
let's now see how we can load this screen
first of all. Now for that we need to register it,
so in app.js, let's register it as a new screen,
so I'll add navigation register component and as before, give it a unique identifier,
so awesome-places.PlaceDetailScreen to stay in line with the other screen names.
Then we need to import it to be able to load it, so here I'll import the place details screen from source
screens
place detail place detail and then add it to this generator function here, the place detail screen. And
I won't pass the store and provider because right now I don't really need redux here,
this might change but for now, I'll keep it as it is.
So now I want to push this component on the stack of pages when we click on a place, we can learn how
this works in the documentation of our react native navigation page. There you can go to the screen
API and you will find this push method,
this basically allows you to push a new screen because react native navigation automatically manages a
stack of pages for every app you started,
keep in mind the app it was started with start tab based app or start single screen app.
Push simply adds a new page, so you can think of all your navigation happening in a stack of pages
now, at the topmost page is always the one which is visible and you can push and pop pages to determine
what should be visible right now and where the back button would lead to.
The cool thing is react native navigation automatically gives you a special prop you can use, the navigator
prop which exposes this push method and all the other methods which are documented here,
so definitely dive into this.
I'm interested in the push method,
so on find place, if I click on a place which I do in the place list ultimately, I get on item selected
and when this occurs, I want to push a new page. So I'll add on item selected to my place list component
and in my find place screen, I'll add the item selected handler, I'll get the key of the item which was
selected because that is passed back from the place list
here and in find place, I can now access this props navigator as we just saw in the documentation of react
native navigation and call push
and now we see that push simply takes a javascript object where we at least specify the screen we
want to push too,
you can also define the title of the upcoming screen and so on.
So I'm going to pass a javascript object here with the screen property and load
awesome-places.PlaceDetailScreen, the screen we'd just registered.
I'm also going to set a title and the title should be the place name,
well I can do this by simply getting the name of the item which has this key, the name of the place which
has this key. For this, we already get the places array,
so I can simply say this props places which fetches all places I have in redux and simply find the
place which has this key,
so this will run on every place in this array and it should return true if the place key is equal to
the key
I got here.
On the results, so on the place I found, I now want to fetch the name,
if we have a look at our store, our places reducer, we add a name and an image property to every place
we add and I'm accessing the name now, in find place
I want to set it as a title.
We also need to pass some information into the upcoming screen though so into the place detail screen
and if we have a look at the documentation, we see that there is this pass props property. As the names
suggests,
this allows us to pass some props.
So we simply define any javascript object of our choice which will be passed as props into the new screen,
they will be merged with your regular props.
So here,
I want to pass my place, the selected place let's say because that's what I already use as a prop in
my place detail,
I'm trying to access props selected place already.
So now I'm setting a selected place prop and I want to set this place I found here,
so to not duplicate the code, let me cut this logic here and
execute it right at the start,
so that's the sel place for selected place and I access sel place name here as a title and I pass
the selected place as a prop to the upcoming page.
So now with that, let's see if that works and let's connect our on item selected prop with this item
selected handler, so the handler we just worked on. With that let's save all files and let's go back
and reload our page,
let's login on iOS and share a place,
Munich,
let's find the place and click on it
and this is what I meant.
We get this beautiful navigation and the back button automatically added by react native navigation,
we can go back and forth and as you see it correctly loaded our place,
so the props were passed correctly. The delete button won't work yet but the rest is working just fine,
so that's awesome.
With that we got a working application on iOS,
let's also try it on Android,
so let me add Mumbai here, add this and go to find place,
whoops, didn't click the button,
now I did.
And you see we get a different navigation style here because we're on android so we get the Android
back and forth style here and that's pretty awesome.
So with that we get this push navigation in place and you can go as many levels deep as you want,
so we could push another page on that stack and go deeper and deeper and deeper.
You can always go back and you can use all these other methods here like for example pop to root to remove
all pages and go back to the root page. We'll actually do this in the next lecture.